---
layout: post
title: 'botkube'
date: '2023-04-01 18:11:00'
categories: software
tags: bot chatops k8s monitoring teams
---

# botkube

Give DevOps, SREs, and developers fast, simple, and secure access to their clusters right from your chat and collaboration platform


## Monitoring
Monitoring of Kubernetes and other tools can be set up quickly and easily. Send events to collaboration platforms and other event sinks. Receive contextual information including event-specific commands and recommendations, not just arcane event messages.

## ChatOps Management
Act on events directly in the collaboration platform (including mobile apps) by sending commands to the configured Kubernetes clusters. Kubectl, helm, and other executors are supported. Some platforms support interactive command creation making it even easier for non-experts to work with Kubernetes.

## Automation
Actions allow you to automatically run commands based on specific events and see the results in the event message. Gather logs and other details on errors, get descriptions of newly created resources, and even auto-rollback failed deployments and upgrades with simple configuration steps.

## Collaboration
Monitoring and troubleshooting is done in an environment where you chat and collaborate throughout the day. You can work together with your team, see what actions have already been taken, and perform troubleshooting tasks from any location and device that supports the collaboration app.

## Extensibility
Extend Botkube with plugins to add new sources and executors for any tools. Enable any tool for ChatOps and automation with easy-to-use APIs and Botkube as the engine.

[VISIT SITE](https://botkube.io/){:target="_blank"}