---
layout: post
title: 'bytebase'
date: '2023-01-01 18:11:00'
categories: links
tags: db database gitops ci\cd cncf sql
---

# bytebase

## change

* Standard Operating Procedure (SOP): Standardize the database schema and data change process across different database systems, small or large tables and different tenants.
* SQL Review: 100+ lint rules to detect SQL anti-patterns and enforce consistent SQL style in the organization.
* GitOps: Point-and-click GitHub and GitLab integration to enable GitOps workflow for changing database.

## Secure
* Centralize Change, Query and Admin Tasks: A single place to perform different tasks on different databases, thus enforce policy and monitor activity accordingly.
* RBAC: Two-level RBAC model mapping to the organization wide privileges and application team privileges respectively.
* Anomaly Center and Audit Logging: Capture all database anomalies, user actions and system events and present them in a holistic view.

## Query
* All-in-one SQL Editor: Web-based IDE specifically for performing SQL specific tasks.
* Data Anonymization: State-of-the-art column level anonymization engine to cover complex situations like subquery, CTE.
* Database Access Control: Organization level policy to centralize the database access control.

## Govern
* Manage Database Resources: A single place to manage environments, database instances, database users for application development, with optional Terraform integration.
* Policy Enforcement: Enforce organization wide SQL Review policy, backup policy and data access policy.
* SQL Editor Admin mode: CLI like experience without setting up bastion.

[VISIT SITE](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase){:target="_blank"}